Added Cloud documentation (#39)
Idea-Pool/aws-testing: docs/cloud.md

* In case of **functional testing**, testers can provision and configure test environments quickly, replicate production-like environments, and leverage cloud-based testing tools. It enables efficient and scalable test execution, parallel test runs, and the ability to test from multiple geographic locations. Overall, functional testing in the cloud enhances agility and accelerates the testing process.
* **Non-functional testing** is more important in the cloud due to the dynamic and scalable nature of cloud environments. It focuses on aspects such as performance, scalability, security, and resilience. Non-functional testing in the cloud allows for load testing at scale, assessing system performance under various scenarios. It also facilitates security testing, including vulnerability assessments and penetration testing, to ensure data protection and compliance. The cloud provides a robust foundation for non-functional testing, enabling comprehensive validation of application behavior and quality.

{: .more }
To learn more about Cloud Computing, one good source is <https://www.guru99.com/cloud-computing-for-beginners.html>{:target="_blank"}.

{: .questions }

> > 1. What are the three main types of clouds in terms of ownership and security?

Reviewer: `types of clouds` sounds kind of weird, maybe
```suggestion
> 1. What are the three main cloud types in terms of ownership and security?
```

> 1. Define public, private, and hybrid clouds and provide a brief explanation of their characteristics.

> > 1. What is the difference between IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS? Provide a concise definition for each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. What are the differences between IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS? Provide a concise definition for each type.
```

Author: Updated, except for the last word. These are service models so that the type could be mixed with cloud types.
